waiting hearing I noticed that so many
people quickly stopped what they were
doing everyone was so busy it was so
many people stopped Ori right away and
got ready showing me their listening it
is time to clean up from choice and then
you're going to go right into your jobs
so show me your listening so who can
raise their hands to tell us what
they're going to do when the lights go
on to start cleaning up at choice
Michael how tell me more what are you
gonna do clean up the house help
how Celia okay so you're gonna clean up
things that are around in the space
station yeah who else can tell what
they're gonna be doing when the lights
go on Rachel cuz I am the by two on my
camera okay where you gonna put it
okay and how about Daniel I'm gonna put
these taxes back alright if you have
nothing to clean up you can go right to
your jobs and make sure you're helping
other people
you